So what skills? What I like to have mastered before my profession. Um
um Naval Academy. And so I learned a lot, and we had four years of practice,
and we have summer cruises at the Naval Academy. That was very
important to help me, uh, get along. I know that some while our
fellow officers, they wish they had dunmore scuba to prepare for being
a seal for to prepare them to be buds. Um, eight years, there was
some time at the academy that would've been available to me to go the
flying club and a couple private pilot's license. Now, I didn't do
that for some of the shift driver recommend something like that. There
are flying skills, if you could understand flying an aircraft, and
that would be important also, because in this this day of drones
Okay, we're gonna be using drones in every aspect of naval warfare.
So if you can learn to pilot a drone and have that type of experience
under your belt and no, you'll be able to apply that and we didn't
have it. I do not have that time that experience that technology available
to me when I was growing up and just starting in my profession